
Kylie Harmon
    This summer, I worked a lot. I worked retail at an American Eagle at Lighthouse Place, the same job I've been doing
    for about six years. I worked at an IT firm in Michigan, called B&L Informational Systems, doing a lot of document
    updates and preparing their books for  various classes throughout the year. On my days off, I would go to the beach
    and typically tutor in the evenings. Otherwise, I tried to catch up with some high school friends and make efforts
    to see my college friends. I went to Nashville multiple times over the summer, for CMA's and to babysit my nieces.
    Overall, it was a rather busy summer.


Ryland Babusiak
    I spent this summer on campus working. I work for Unified Communication in the networking office. I spent the summer
     assisting with the rearranging of departments on campus. I performed WiFi access point upgrades in various
     buildings and downgraded the Cooper Science building APs in anticipation of its removal from campus. The new Health
     Sciences building was also erected and I went through it, installing and configuring the various parts of the
     wireless and wired network infrastructure. When I wasn't working, I spent time hanging out with my roommates at
     home or visiting friends in Indianapolis. A couple times, I went to visit my girlfriend in NYC and moved her out
     from her apartment in Manhattan and drove her and the Uhaul to her parents' house in Atlanta ahead of her move to
     San Francisco.

Michael A. Gallegos
    Over the summer I worked full-time at The Home Depot by my home town Hammond,IN. It was an interesting experience
    because they never had a set schedule for me, so in a sense I was always on call. Other then working, I took part in
    a summer bowling league with my close friends. The league was a recreational league and at the end we get a "free"
    bowling ball. I spent majority of my free time with family and friends, especially my german shepherd Apollo.
    I realised hanging out with friends becomes more diffuclt with age as everyone is always busy with their work or
    significant others. This was one of the few summers that I actually enjoyed due to not being away for the summer.